Update FAQ wrt Starlark, add table of contents (#194)
bazelbuild/bazel-website: faq.md

## Can I use Bazel for my [INSERT LANGUAGE HERE] project?

Bazel is extensible. Anyone can add support for new languages. Many languages

> are supported, see the [build encyclopedia](/docs/be/overview.html) for a list

Reviewer: /docs/be/overview.html#additional-rules

Will point them right at the additional rules section where the languages are listed.

Author: Done

of recommendations and [https://awesomebazel.com/](https://awesomebazel.com/)
for a more comprehensive list.

> If it is not enough, see the documentation for [extending Bazel](/docs/skylark/index.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to develop extensions or learn how it works, see the documentation for [extending Bazel](/docs/skylark/index.html).
```
